docs: Add helmValues configuration and deprecate legacy Cilium CNI parameters (#10222)
aws/eks-anywhere: docs/content/en/docs/getting-started/optional/cni.md

> NOTE: EKS Anywhere allows specifying only 1 plugin for a cluster and does not allow switching the plugins
after the cluster is created.

### Helm Values Configuration for Cilium plugin

> Starting with recent releases, Cilium can be configured using Helm values directly through the `helmValues` field. This provides full flexibility to configure any Cilium Helm chart parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting with EKS Anywhere `v0.24.0` release, Cilium can be configured using Helm values directly through the `helmValues` field. This provides full flexibility to configure any Cilium Helm chart parameter.
```

kind: Cluster
metadata:
  name: my-cluster-name
spec:
  clusterNetwork:
    pods:
      cidrBlocks:
      - 192.168.0.0/16
    services:
      cidrBlocks:
      - 10.96.0.0/12
    cniConfig:
      cilium:
        helmValues:
          policyEnforcementMode: always
          egressMasqueradeInterfaces: eth0
          routingMode: native
          ipv4NativeRoutingCIDR: 192.168.0.0/16
          cni:
            exclusive: false
          hubble:
            enabled: true
            relay:
              enabled: true
            ui:
              enabled: true
```

For a complete list of available Helm values, refer to the official [Cilium Helm chart documentation](https://docs.cilium.io/en/stable/helm-reference/).

{{% alert title="Note" color="primary" %}}
When using `helmValues`, all legacy Cilium configuration fields (such as `policyEnforcementMode`, `egressMasqueradeInterfaces`, `routingMode`, `ipv4NativeRoutingCIDR`, `ipv6NativeRoutingCIDR`, and `cniExclusive`) are ignored. Configure these parameters within the `helmValues` field instead.
{{% /alert %}}

### Policy Configuration options for Cilium plugin

{{% alert title="Deprecated" color="warning" %}}

> The `policyEnforcementMode` field is deprecated. Please use `helmValues` instead. See the [Helm Values Configuration](#helm-values-configuration-for-cilium-plugin) section above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `policyEnforcementMode` field is deprecated. Please use `helmValues` instead. See the [Helm Values Configuration](#helm-values-configuration-for-cilium-plugin) section for details.
```
Sections have a way of moving around, so it's good to avoid things like "above" or "below" if you can.

> ### CNI Exclusive Mode configuration

Author: same here
